~~~~~1|Human                                                                   
[[[[[BHumans] are the dominant species of the planet earth. You are human. At  
least...so far as you know.                                                    
                                                                               
~~~~~2|Seiyan                                                                  
[[[[[BSeiyan] are a race of powerful, psychic beings easily able to directly   
manipulate spiritual energies with their merest thoughts. They greatly         
resemble human phsyically, except for one curious feature: They have tails.    
Don't mess with a Seiyan. He will squash you like a bug.                       
                                                                               
~~~~~3|Android                                                                 
[[[[[BAndroids] in the world of Dragonball are living, biological creatures who
have had cybernetic enhancements made to their body and/or brain. In any other 
piece of science fiction, they'd have been called cyborgs. But, we're staying  
in theme, so they're called Androids. Don't mess with Androids. They will also 
squash you like a bug. Of course, Androids do have a certain disadvantage:     
should their mechanical parts be damaged, fixing them is a little more         
complicated than resting in bed for a few days.                                
                                                                               
~~~~~4|Bio-Android                                                             
[[[[[BBio-Androids] are a purely theoretical speculation of only the most      
foolishly open-minded scientists. There is no such thing as a Bio-Android.     
The theory, however, is that with sufficiently advanced technology one could   
design technological enhancements using biological matter at the cellular      
level. The primary benefit would be that such enhancements could be designed   
to heal themselves like regular biological tissues. The wilder theorists would 
have you believe it possible even to design enhancements that could evolve     
themselves like biological tissues as well, but at a fantastically advanced    
rate. Such a creature would be terrifyingly dangerous. Fortunately,            
Bio-Androids are merely the speculations of a few fringe scientists and        
science fiction authors. No such technology exists, and it is likely that it   
never will.                                                                    
                                                                               
~~~~~5|Mutants                                                                 
[[[[[BMutants] With the advent of genetic engineering, anthropomorphic mutants 
are not altogether uncommon.                                                   
                                                                               
~~~~~6|Celestials                                                              
[[[[[BCelestial Beings] may occassionally be encountered in the world of       
Dragonball T. They should probably be decribed in here, eventually.            
                                                                               
~~~~~7|Demons                                                                  
[[[[[BDemons] may also be encountered, and should probably also be described.  
